hey guys how's it going welcome back to
David plays my name is David and today I
thought I would do an extra video on
this new Despicable Me minion rush
Valentine's Day update because there's
so many new things and it was so much
fun last time so today we're gonna
continue our quest to get this party
ready and hopefully get a you could beat
minion at the end of this little world
here didn't I have Cupid minion already
hmm punches we're gonna play this we're
gonna be moving out to the next
challenge where they asked me to get 92
that is a lot of people how many guests
are there actually going to be at this
wedding this is gonna be expensive who
is paying for this I am NOT where am I
maybe I am apparently this is Lucy's
wedding but is it minion Lucy's wedding
I don't know maybe I need to watch the
movies maybe okay we're gonna be using
the skateboards as well the fun new
minigame I actually look forward to
playing more of those cool new minigames
I see this gaber now it's a piece of
cake it's fine and I want to piece of
cake look at that delicious pink cake
it's so delicious looking all right
skateboard here we go it's skateboard
minigame let's do this more practice
there we go I'm determined to become a
pro master at this minigame okay here we
go oh yeah that's perfect I didn't do
that well this time but it's fine here
we go look at that oh yeah look at me
yes i grazed myself to the air here we
go
oh yeah who's making all that noise
outside gosh darn it come on I'm trying
to record a video here you're trying to
build houses like how dare you try to be
all houses at the same time I'm
recording the video give me the cake ooh
oh yeah dude this should be like its own
game three two one it's just so much fun
oh yes sir I see a lot of pink which I
understand being a Valentine's Day like
theme but are you really gonna see that
much pink at a wedding I think you would
see more you know white okay here we go
that's another skateboard here we go
alright we got 60 that means we're
missing 30 something 32 matha wasn't
that hard oh look at that
Oh skill smush yeah thank you alright
here we go I see you and I got you
that's how I go about life I see stuff
then I take them for myself that sounds
evil alright
take the cake we're 65 making great
progress guys making great burgers oh
look at all my tricks I'm a professional
awesome by my way
is getting a little bit fast but it
makes no matter because this is actually
a pretty probably one of the easiest
locations on another skateboard perfect
wish you know that's a good thing you
know I love these locations because
these locations let you beat your
records and accomplish your goals
alrighty here we go again there we go oh
yeah I'm away toxic waste like what the
heck is a toxic waste can or whatever oh
it's not tucked it's just recycling
toxic waste recycling same thing same
difference I mean is there a difference
yes there is I'll stop lying to myself
get cake Oh didn't I might jump
correctly there all right three two one
and those I believe were my uh what the
heck is this oh my god there's so many
of them
those guys are cupcakes why don't they
ask them for the cakes alright perfect
he's free space is gonna be great help
am i way I cannot die while I have the
free sway with me cannot challenge my
powers
I love how now the powerup actually
freezes like it I miss Kate the time you
spent at this light doesn't count -
spending like your power up which is
good I remember a couple you might
remember me complaining about that you
know maybe they watch mine because maybe
they actually sent me who knows who
knows
alright sicko location awesome no no oh
gosh darn it I didn't want to take the
banana vacuum because I've used some
Lucy minion and that means Oh give me
the cake perfect that means at the power
up lasts a long time and I can die at
any moment
dish revise Gettys rely because I mean I
have 72 of 50
what happens if I don't revive do I have
to start from zero again k77 of 92 yes
maybe it's not necessary for me to like
revive every time I get to replay it and
start at 77 so that's good that's good
let's use the skateboard so why not
apparently I have some of them for
freeze fuel awesome right that basket
right that lets get to lose minion
alrighty let's look for those
skateboards that's where old what I mean
I'm gonna use revive because the
skateboard powerup ends up being more
expensive did that revive oh yeah what
what's wrong with me huh it's ok it's ok
rolled the batter will do better next
time here we go yeah yeah there we go
we're close to that 92 there we go ten
more nine more there we go oh right
eight more seven more never more what I
lost my chain Oh sadness three two one I
didn't get that last one but we are very
close of our objective target we go I
see you piece of cake damn it give me
five more see you I see you there oh
it's a skateboard there you go perfect I
should be able to get all the pieces of
cake am missing with this minigame yeah
this should make this their own game or
maybe not even a minion game but you
know just a separate game I would
actually be interested in an endless
skateboarding game there we go oh yeah
all right
give me give me give me give me oh there
we go perfect 92 we did it I think you
cannot actually add it to your cake
counter once you like achieve the
current goal so I think I'm just gonna
piss outta here I'm gonna try to get
another one I mean if that counter
doesn't go off - I don't believe we will
I'll move on to the next world so I see
a piece of scape art Okun
oh I completely like avoided that
skateboard for the token whatever secret
area oh wait I thought that was a secret
that's not the secret area or the hotel
this is like such a waste of time I do
not need this sure why not I'll take it
I'll take it I mean why not Eddy been
looking not even looking for you to go
around
you and I can you know what whatever I
am peacing out' i'm peacing out when we
die we start to get really fast whatever
all items have been collected could be
right let's do one final level trying to
get all the way to 170 seems like a very
high task actually that was like a huge
increase but true let's go for it let's
use this keyboard now let's find it I
see a piece of cake and I see the
skateboard I'm coming for your
skateboard give me all your pieces of
cake adeg you are hiding within you all
right here we go gonna do all the
amazing tricks you know where do the
minions even learn to do all these
things like they're crazy talented it's
up cake I'm very far away from my goal
let's see how far we can get all right
in
so the tricks all right let's not break
the chain perfect whoo yeah it's an item
collected don't break the chain oh it's
over oh I would just start you have so
much fun we are at a hundred and one
we're 69 away 68 now another up
skateboard it's small give it to me jump
from one place to the other oh look at
old tricks I'm doing oh this is awesome
perfect alrighty perfect awesome here we
go I'm going to increase my it doesn't
does it not go over eight its temps
eight the maximum oh there we go there
we go get old cake doesn't seem to go
over eight which is fine three two one
we adhere as a piece of cake and I think
that is another skateboard I'm gonna get
that skateboard I do believe this is the
final skateboard we can get in this run
let's make the most of it oh yeah look
at Lucy minion riding that rail alright
alright give me give me the cake oh I
completely missed that one gosh darn it
we couldn't lose him in his expression
right in that rail all right look at
that just like Souness I miss that cake
no I hate missing cake three two what i
was so close up that piece of cake
alright oh my god oh my god oh my god
and i do believe that was the last of
this skateboarding powerup so let's just
try to do the best we can without the
ski boards right it's it a piece of cake
well that didn't last long
we're get a piece out for now thank you
guys so much for watching this video you
liked it please give it a thumbs up be
sure to check out the video to my right
subscribe to the channel let me know
your favorite Dominion rush location in
the comments so for now thank you all so
much for watching I'll see you guys
later